Where you come in is, Laravel logistics, support, setup, and the development of back-end code that does the following:

- Executes on an automated schedule, the timing of which is controlled via web admin page

- Upon execution, the following steps are taken:
SFTP to a remote site using credentials
Retrieve new report PDF files, if disconnected, resume, if no/little remaining disk space, send alert via email
Store reports in the local file system as web accessible
Update the website database with new reports
Send an alert to "dealers" that have new reports available
Clean up/archive/gzip reports older than x
- The proposed file naming convention for report files is: <report#>-<dealer#>-<timestamp>.pdf



Does this sound right?

Sub Admins login > directed to reports page
There is an extra nav item labeled "Admin"
The admin section first lists all the dealers associated with the current sub admin. They can edit/delete/view reports for each dealer. The section will include a add Dealer button which displays a form like the current mockup for register, just in the wide content area?

Admins login > directed to reports page
There is an extra nav item labeled "Admin"
The admin section first lists all the dealers associated within the system. They can edit/delete/view reports for each dealer. The section will include a add Sub Admin button which displays a form like the current mockup for register, just in the wide content area?

The cut is going well so far! Will have them all done soon (existing pages). Corey, once the Laravel site is up and running can I get FTP access?



Hi Ricky,

They got back to me with details on the other pages they need.. looks like there are two:

1 - a sub admin page for signing up dealers

2 - a full admin page for viewing the reports page of any dealer in the system or creating sub admins

 It sounds like the dealers won't be able to self register, that will be a function of the sub admins so I guess that page is built already.

I have copied Corey here so you guys can connect and also work together to get the functional Laravel site up and running.

Corey I will email Carfinco with a reminder that we need sample data files and a secure pick up location shortly.

We can host the live site on Cloud A for now.